Generate shoot URL in KEB (#370)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/kyma-environment-broker/README.md

| **APP_PROVISIONING_MACHINE_IMAGE** | Defines the Gardener machine image used in a provisioned node. | None |
| **APP_PROVISIONING_MACHINE_IMAGE_VERSION** | Defines the Gardener image version used in a provisioned cluster. | None |
| **APP_TRIAL_REGION_MAPPING_FILE_PATH** | Defines a path to the file which contains a mapping between the platform region and the Trial plan region. | None |

> | **APP_GARDENER_PROJECT** | Defines the on which the cluster will be created | `kyma-dev` |

Reviewer: maybe: Defines the project on which.....

> | **APP_GARDENER_PROJECT** | Defines the project on which the cluster will be created | `kyma-dev` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **APP_GARDENER_PROJECT** | Defines the project in which the cluster is created. | `kyma-dev` |
```

> | **APP_GARDENER_SHOOT_DOMAIN** | Defines the domain for clusters created on Gardener | `shoot.canary.k8s-hana.ondemand.com` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **APP_GARDENER_SHOOT_DOMAIN** | Defines the domain for clusters created in Gardener. | `shoot.canary.k8s-hana.ondemand.com` |
```

> | **APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | Defines the path to kubeconfig for Gardener | `/gardener/kubeconfig/kubeconfig` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **APP_GARDENER_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | Defines the path to the kubeconfig file for Gardener. | `/gardener/kubeconfig/kubeconfig` |
```
